hey guys it's andy from the squishy
monster today in my kitchen I have the
world's best cook and it is my mama so I
want you guys to meet my mom what are we
okay today yes okay okay let me
see go Lisa first of all if the be alive
yes Finley slice meat play gurgaon Oh
pay for your visit and the manor damn in
young oh yeah yes okay then green
on it yeah then okay ken Jeong soy sauce
sesame oil sesame oil get sesame sesame
seeds then the brown shoe Bob oh boy
post our top look at all so what we're
gonna do is we're going to go ahead and
tougher the beef your mama right and
we're going to actually blitz all of the
wet marinade into the food processor
just to make life a little bit easier so
you would have everything in the food
processor all right so she's going to go
ahead and put in that Asian pear and I'm
gonna go ahead and board in the soy
sauce and all this good stuff the sesame
oil and she's going to put in the onions
and the garlic and just like I said just
to make life easier we're going to go
ahead and bullets the whole thing
together so and the only thing i'm not
going to add in our the green onions and
the sesame seeds
meet so so hot all right so i went ahead
and ended up blitzing everything
together and my momma is gonna go ahead
and mix it all together it mom so pretty
yeah it smells really good so this
marinade is going to come up pretty
quickly and my mama makes the best
google year I don't know why so I'm
really excited about this and we're
actually happy with lettuce wraps it's
gonna be really delicious there is a pop
we're on young green onions and then go
ahead and just whistle in her sesame
seeds for her is that you're not all
right it's gonna be nice and fatty cuz
you got the nice marbleized revised
delicious oh I think its own luck um i'm
gonna get home to go you gotta be
salvageable you look at my chin go home
if you go getta for a Seneca c'mon
c'mon Yuma basically she's saying to
meet the cattle and the V physics
incident Korea that they didn't get to
eat it in Korea so now that we're in
America the land of the bouncing what
was she can't see you all the time oh oh
this looks so amazing i'm gonna bump up
the heat them to wash the chip just said
it smells so amazing doesn't it alright
so we're ready to eat the lettuce wraps
in the moment it's such a good job i'm
so excited we have steamed rice and just
some lettuce you can use romaine
whatever kind of remain any kind of Bibb
lettuce butter lettuce doesn't matter
and some some dog and i'll post this
recipe on on my blog so we're going to
go ahead and date
in just take a little piece of lettuce
oh yeah me and you know this is for
getting her back so go ahead and just
fold it up is it good so I hope you guys
try this it's very simple it's
relatively inexpensive you can use
whatever meat you really have on in the
user by today but whatever's on sale at
your grocery store just any kind of
lettuce some steamed rice which is
always economical and the some dumb
which you make once will last you a
really really long time so I hope you
guys enjoyed watching me my mamas if you
liked watching this let me know let's do
some more she's a super busy super mom
but I will definitely taught it dinner
to fit into her busy schedule and will
definitely come back and do another one
so thanks so much on my love you